docs: Update disable disruption on nodepool to use budgets (#6383)
aws/karpenter-provider-aws: website/content/en/docs/concepts/disruption.md

#### Example: Disable Disruption on a NodePool

> NodePool `.spec.disruption.budgets` allows you to set disruption budgets for nodes launched by this NodePool, preventing them from being considered in disruption actions.

Reviewer: Wording suggestion, flows a little better IMO and specifies that this only blocks voluntary disruption. 
```suggestion
To disable disruption for all nodes launched by a NodePool, you can configure its `.spec.disruption.budgets`. Setting a budget of zero nodes will prevent any of those nodes from being considered for voluntary disruption.
```

Author: Agreed. Made an update.

```yaml
apiVersion: karpenter.sh/v1beta1
kind: NodePool
metadata:
  name: default
spec:
  disruption:
    consolidationPolicy: WhenUnderutilized

>     expireAfter: 720h # 30 * 24h = 720h

Reviewer: I'd remove these other fields since they aren't relevant to the recommendation.
